Finnish lake country of saunas and birch forests.
Icelandic fishing village under black cliffs.
Norwegian fjord farm with turf-roofed barns.
Siberian taiga village of log houses and wood smoke.
Alaskan gold-rush river town.
Scottish Highland glen of crofts and sheep.
Scottish isles of peat bogs, stone crofts and seals on the rocks.
Swedish red-cottage farmland by the Baltic shore.
Lapland reindeer country of fells and frozen lakes.
Greenland settlement of bright wooden houses by the ice.
Canadian lumber town in pine forest by a wide river.
English Cotswold village of stone cottages and hedgerows.
Tuscan hill town among olive groves and vineyards.
French lavender valley with old stone farmhouses.
Bavarian alpine village with an onion-domed church and dairy pastures.
Swiss mountain pasture of chalets and cowbells.
Irish coast of stone walls and peat bogs.
Welsh slate-mining valley of terraced houses.
New England harbor town in autumn.
Dutch canal town of windmills and tulip fields.
Danish island of thatched farms and beech woods.
Polish countryside of storks, rye fields and wooden villages.
Carpathian sheep valleys with wooden churches and pine ridges.
Georgian wine country of terraced valleys and stone towers.
Japanese mountain village of rice terraces and hot springs.
Japanese fishing town of tiled roofs and drying nets.
Korean hanok village below pine-covered hills.
Chinese karst river country of limestone peaks and bamboo rafts.
Moroccan desert oasis of palms and mud-brick houses.
Moroccan Atlas mountains of red clay villages and almond groves.
Greek island village of white houses above the sea.
Andalusian olive country with whitewashed villages.
Sicilian lemon groves on a volcano's slopes.
Portuguese cork-oak hills with a fishing harbor below.
Turkish Cappadocia of cave houses and rock chimneys.
Egyptian Nile village of date palms and felucca boats.
Sahel market town of mud-brick walls at the desert's edge.
Persian desert town of wind towers and underground canals.
Mexican highland town with a plaza and market.
Australian outback cattle station.
Texas ranch land with windmills and mesquite.
Arizona canyon country of red rock and adobe.
Kenyan savanna of acacia trees and cattle herders.
Vietnamese river delta of rice paddies and stilt houses.
Balinese village among terraced fields and temples.
Caribbean fishing island with palms and coral beaches.
Amazon riverside village of wooden boats.
Philippine coconut coast with a bamboo village.
Polynesian lagoon with outrigger canoes and reef villages.
Bengal river delta of rice paddies and boat markets.
Kerala backwaters of houseboats and coconut palms.
Thai teak-forest village with an elephant camp.
Louisiana bayou of cypress swamps and stilt cabins.
Costa Rican coffee farm in cloud forest hills.
Mongolian steppe with felt yurts and horse herds.
Himalayan village of prayer flags and barley fields.
Andean highlands of stone terraces and llama herds.
Patagonian sheep estancia under windy peaks.
Kyrgyz mountain pastures of yurts and walnut forests.
Medieval market town with a mill and a castle.
Medieval monastery in a quiet river valley.
Viking farmstead by a fjord.
Roman villa estate among vineyards.
Edo-period post town on a mountain road.
Colonial New England farming village in 1700.
Wild West cattle town on the open prairie in 1880.
Victorian English seaside town with a pier.
1920s Midwest farm town with a grain elevator.
1930s Dust Bowl farm on the Oklahoma plains.
1950s Italian fishing village on the Amalfi coast.
Venetian lagoon of canals and boats.
